samples: matter: Fix the Last Fabric Removal feature (#12698)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/last_fabric_removal_delegate.rst

There are four predefined reactions to the last fabric removal available in the :ref:`matter_samples`.
All behaviors are implemented as a delegation for the Fabric Table module, and the chosen reaction is run as a callback on each fabric removal.

To enable the predefined behavior in your specific sample based on the :ref:`matter_samples` in the |NCS|, add the following lines to your :file:`app_task.cpp` project file:

> 1. To the top of the :file:`fabric_table_delegate.h` header file:

Reviewer: I don't get this point. Did you mean we should include `fabric_table_delegate.h` in the `app_task.cpp` or that we should add the code below to the `fabric_table_delegate.h`? If the first one, the example code is wrong.

   .. code-block:: c

      #include <app/util/attribute-storage.h>

> #. ``AppFabricTableDelegate::Init`` method after the ``chip::Server::GetInstance().Init(initParams)`` invocation within the ``AppTask::Init`` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. After the ``chip::Server::GetInstance().Init(initParams)`` invocation within the ``AppTask::Init`` method:
```

.. note::
   Not all actions implemented in the ``OnFabricRemoved`` can be called directly from the method body, and should be delegated to be done in Zephyr thread of Matter.
   This is because the device needs to confirm the removal of the fabric and send the acknowledgment to the Matter controller.

>    To delegate actions to the Zephyr thread of Matter, use the ``chip::DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork`` method or use a timer to ensure the required delay.

Reviewer 2: Required delay is not explained.

.. note::
   Not all actions implemented in the ``OnFabricRemoved`` can be called directly from the method body, and should be delegated to be done in Zephyr thread of Matter.
   This is because the device needs to confirm the removal of the fabric and send the acknowledgment to the Matter controller.

>    To postpone running the chosen action delegate its invocation to the Zephyr thread of Matter using the ``chip::DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork`` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To postpone running the chosen action, delegate its invocation to the Zephyr thread of Matter using the ``chip::DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork`` method.
```

>    To postpone running the chosen action delegate, its invocation to the Zephyr thread of Matter using the ``chip::DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork`` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To postpone running the chosen action, delegate its invocation to the Zephyr thread of Matter using the ``chip::DeviceLayer::PlatformMgr().ScheduleWork`` method.
```

>    If the device doesn't complete all activities needed to be done before clearing non-volatile storage use a timer to schedule the action execution after elapsing the specific time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If the device doesn't complete all activities that need to be done before clearing non-volatile storage, use a timer to delay the action execution.
```
